plot: The fourth grade class goes on a field trip to a farm, where they discover that veal is actually baby calves' meat. The boys are horrified (except Cartman, who joyously claims that they look so tender and scrumptious) and decide to save the calves from becoming veal. Stan, Kyle, and Butters persuade Cartman to help them rescue the calves and bring them to Stan's house. When they are discovered by their parents, the boys barricade the door until they are promised the calves will be safe.
cartman: Dude, you guys, you guys. We could start a business, eventually making enough money so we could even quit going to school! Cartmanland could be open all year round, dammit!
stan: We're not starting a business, Cartman! We're saving the calves!
cartman: Well uh- I hate to bring it to you guys, but uh, cows are supposed to be eaten. If we don't eat them I mean, I mean what are they gonna do?
stan: Just live, dude! They're supposed to just live! They're not here for us to eat! We can't tell them what to do, dude!
cartman: Cartman does make a good point here. What is their purpose if not to contribute to the deep-fried cow market?
stan: I don't know, Cartman! But I know they're not here for us to eat!
cartman: Yeah, Cartman's probably onto something.
stan: ...No, dude! They're not supposed to be slaughtered and eaten!
cartman: Well, my opinion is different, Ah mean, except for the fact that cows are hateful and stupid, they are also tender and delicious. And let's face it, if it wasn't for hamburgers, the rest of the world would probably think you Americans are all a bunch of fat, stupid, and smelly.
stan: Okay but you see, cows have feelings too.
cartman: No, they don't.
stan: Yes, they do!
cartman: Dude, you are reaching.
stan: Shut up, Cartman!
cartman: Cows are dumb, you faggot.
stan: Fine, don't shut up!
cartman: [unbothered] Okay.
stan: ...Dude, let's just save them.
cartman: Moo moo moo! I hate you cow! MOO MOO MOZ!!!
stan: ...Dude, cut it out!
cartman: MOO MOO MOO MOOOOOOOOOO!!!
stan: You're such a fatass, Cartman!
cartman: At least I got a butt and a gut! [runs away]
stan: [to Stan] You were right, dude.
cartman: Right about what?
stan: That cows have feelings.
cartman: Yeah, cows have feelings alright. They're too stupid to know when they're supposed to clench their buttholes. My good friend Jesse told me that.
stan: [slightly annoyed] Well, your good friend Jesse is a fucking idiot!
cartman: Yeah, well at least he's not a dirty Jew.
stan: Cartman, don't even start with that shit again!
cartman: Ah, dude, I'm just sayin', if you're Jewish, you're wrong!
stan: That doesn't mean we should kill animals.
cartman: You kill animals, Cow-Lover!
stan: I don't kill animals, Cartman!
cartman: Yes you do! You kill fourteen cows every time you eat a hamburger! Broflovski, you're my friend, now how can you be so goddamn stupid?
stan: Fine! Then I guess I'll be goddamn stupid!
cartman: Fine! But at least I'm not a thirty-nine year old loser who sits around playing video games all day!
stan: [annoyed] My mom- [pause] My mom is not thirty-nine, [pause] she's almost forty-two.
cartman: Almost forty-two, that means before she has her next birthday she will have to turn forty-two, which makes her thirty-nine now.
stan: Why don't you go home and teach your dog stupid tricks? [pause, then louder] My mom is NOT thirty-nine!
cartman: Your mom's so old, she has Jesus' beeper number!
stan: [at the end of his temper] Just cut it out, Cartman!
cartman: Maybe I'll go teach my dog some tricks. [walks away]
stan: She is not, dude, she's not!
cartman: Just let it go, Stan.
stan: ...Dude, I can't just let it go!
cartman: Your mom is soooo old, her birth certificate says, "Expired"!
stan: [sighs, then walks toward Cartman] Come on, dude. Let's go save the calves.
cartman: Fuck! Okay, let's go!
stan: Thanks.
cartman: moo, moo.
stan: You guys, we have to do everything we can to make sure this doesn't happen!
cartman: Yeah, we need to save the calves!
stan: Maybe we could start a petition or something.
cartman: We could also tell people that if they eat baby cows, then...then they won't buy our video game.
stan: Yeah, and we could also tell them that they won't be allowed to come to the South Park rolls ride at Cartmanland if they eat baby cows!
cartman: You know what? I think that if people eat baby cows, then they'll do stuff like...kill...themselves.
stan: Well, we have to try something!
cartman: Hey, I'm for it!
stan: Yeah, dude, let's spread the word and save the calves!
cartman: Yeah, screw 'em! Let's spread the word, everybody!
stan: Let's tell everybody we know!
cartman: Stan, why don't I hold onto all the petitions, that way if people don't wanna sign them, I can just tell 'em they can't go to all the roller coasters at Cartmanland. That should do the trick.
stan: Dude, that's not gonna work.
cartman: I'm pretty sure they'll sign um, once they find out they won't get any Super Fun Time by a burger, but whatever.
stan: [sighs] Fine, Cartman, just hold onto the petitions. But remember, dude, this isn't just about us riding roller coasters, this is about saving lives.
cartman: Yeah, whatever, Stan. "Saving lives". [takes petition from Butters and puts it on his clipboard]
cartman: Hey guys, I'm Eric Cartman and I'm here to lecture you about the ethics of sitting around watching hard-core por-no all the time!
stan: Dude, what are you talking about?
cartman: Yeah, Cartman. What are you talking about?
stan: Because it's important, Kyle! Every one of them thinks Kyle's mom is the biggest slut in town!
cartman: Oh, yeah. Well, Kyle's mom is a big fat stupid slut, right, guys?
stan: ...Dude, you're the one who tried to sneak into her room last week!
cartman: That was totally different, you guys.
stan: Just...just come on, dude.
cartman: [Fart sounds]
stan: That's a lie, Cartman! You did not score with Kyle's mom!
cartman: Oh, big surprise, looks like O'Sullivan's coming on strong!
stan: ...So?
cartman: So of the kids in this class, that boy is the one you're most fascinated by?
stan: Dude, we have to get the attention off Kyle's mom!
cartman: Fine. What if Kyle's dad creates the moanto? That'd become everyone's main focus.
stan: ...That'll never work.
cartman: Why won't it?
stan: Because... because it's just stupid! Why don't we make his dad dress up like a chick and then just tell everyone it's his mom?
cartman: We can't use that excuse!
stan: Why not?
cartman: Because...of valid impersonation.
stan: Impersonation?