plot: The fourth grade class goes on a field trip to a farm, where they discover that veal is actually baby calves' meat. Kyle is horrified, and decides to save the calves from becoming veal. Kyle wants to rescue the calves and bring them to Stan's house. The parents of Kyle disagree.
cartman: Okay, look, I don't like hippies. I think they're dirty, and I think that they're lazy, and I think that they want everything for free, even though a lot of them have money. I'm against them.
kyle: But we have to save the calves.
cartman: Save the calves? They're supposed to be veal, stupid! Veal is supposed to be tender! It's supposed to be juicy! This...this isn't juicy!
kyle: They're babies, dude! Jesus! Veal calves are kept in a small pen and beaten so their meat stays tender!
cartman: Oh, whatever, hippie. Do you think that anybody really cares?
kyle: Maybe nobody cares, but I do.
cartman: Well, then let's get you a big petting zoo for your backyard so you can spend all day picking up cow [bleep] because you care so much!
kyle: Well, maybe I will!
cartman: Mmm, don't worry, Kyle, I understand your urgency. You want to save calves, and horses, and, heh, anything else you can save on your little six-dollar-a-week allowance. But not all of us have the luxury of sitting in front of the television with... cucumbers on our eyes and baskets of flowers, getting our monthly visitors. We don't have time for that kind of silliness. Now look, just the other day I was watching my favorite... informercials at five in the morning... [giggles] and I saw an amazing product. That's right, ladies and gentlemen, for the amazing price of one dollar ninety-nine, you can get your very own little baby miniature calf ranch. [shows a commercial on a TV screen behind him. it displays a little baby miniature calf ranch] The best part about it is you can put it right in your own backyard. And guess what, hippy? You get a whole bunch of them! [shows a bunch of calves in a pen] Enjoy it, care for it, and you don't even need to see how the calves died for it. So, that being the case... [pull out a dollar bill] who wants to make some money helping a hearty young DIK, ten-year-old, eight-hundred-pound castrated male steer get home, huh? [throws away the dollar bill, revealing a beef jerky stick] Good ol' beef stick? [puts it in his mouth and chews it] Good ol' beef stick? [chews it sarcastically] Don t we all crave... a beef stick? [dramatic music] [soft voice now] Ah.
kyle: Cartman, veal is wrong and you're wrong for liking it.
cartman: God, [hums] don't we all just... love a good ol' beef stick? [chews sarcastically]
kyle: Yeah, it's really great how you don't give a [bleep] about anyone but yourself.
cartman: Well, okay, here came some guy who finally noticed, didn't he, huh? I'm worn out answering them all day. "I don't wanna be a-picking up cow manure, actually I don't care about living things at all!" Kyle you stupid hot ni-- [looks at her] Ah...diggity. [shuts off the projector, next scene Kyle's house, chimney] Well, I guess there's nothing I can do.
kyle: I refuse to stand by and let innocent animals suffer!
cartman: Oh, okay, but I guess if you think a little bit more about some of your decisions, I think that maybe you might change your mind.
kyle: No! I won't change my mind because it's the right thing to do and I'm not just gonna let innocent calves suffer! I won't let it happen!
cartman: Fine, do whatever you want, but remember, we're not all sitting around having stupid [bleep] almond milk and frozen grapes.
kyle: I'm just trying to do what's right! You should too!
cartman: Do what's right? Whoever told you that saving calves was the number one most important thing in the universe? Where'd you learn your hippy bullcrap, huh?
kyle: I learned it from you, Cartman!
cartman: dumbasses.
kyle: You're crazy.
cartman: I'm not the one running around trying to save the world, Kyle. See you later.
kyle: But cartman, veal is wrong and you're wrong for liking it.
cartman: Yeah, well, I don't like cops, Kyle. They get in the way of people doing what they want.
kyle: Me neither. Who won these contests?
cartman: "Yeah, man, who the [bleep] won these contests? Like, I need to know."
kyle: Well, we can't give it to people we actually like!
cartman: Yeah, because then we wouldn't be able to torture them with this [bleep].
kyle: Well, who won the contests, dude?
cartman: No way. I-I can't stand when Cartman wins, and I'm not giving him my Whammy Burger.
kyle: Well, who won the contests, dude?
cartman: [stops chewing] Who... won... these... contests? [cheeseburger-loaded breath, hip swish. the FBI guys appear from behind the curtains wearing whammy burger hats]