plot: The fourth grade class goes on a field trip to a farm, where they discover that veal is actually baby calves' meat. Butters is horrified, and decides to save the calves from becoming veal. Butters wants to rescue the calves and bring them to Stan's house. When they are discovered by their parents, the boys barricade the door until they are promised the calves will be safe.
stan: I don't understand why people think it's okay to kill baby animals.
butters: I don't understand it either, Stan. It's just so sad.
stan: Yeah, it's really messed up. I mean, why can't we just let the animals live?
butters: Yeah! And then they could be all "happy" while they're alive, instead of getting slaughtered and turned into food and stuff.
stan: I know, dude. It's like... what gives us the right, you know?
butters: Yeah... who gave us that right? It's bad. Veal's really bad, I mean.
stan: It's not just veal though, Butters. It's all the meat we eat. I mean... we're just... we're being... totally selfish.
butters: You're right, we are. Everybody is.
stan: Yeah. And... it's not fair to the animals. They didn't do anything wrong, they don't deserve this.
butters: I swear, sometimes I feel like we're the only ones who recognize how wrong it all is.
stan: I know, Butters. But we can't give up. We have to do something to make a difference.
butters: Yeah! We have to save those baby calves and show everyone how wrong this all is!
stan: That's right, Butters. We have to save them. Let's do this.
butters: Yeah! We can do it! Let's save the calves and make everyone see how totally wrong it all is!
stan: yeah, let's save the calves and make everyone understand how messed up it is to kill animals for food.
butters: yeah! let's make sure those calves get to live and let everyone know how wrong it is to turn them into food!
stan: yeah, let's do it, Butters.
butters: yeah! let's save the calves and let everyone know how totally messed up it is to kill them and turn them into veal!
stan: yeah, let's save the calves and make sure everyone knows how wrong it is to kill them for meat.
butters: yeah! and... And then they could be all "happy" while they're alive, instead of getting slaughtered and turned into food and stuff.
stan: yeah.
butters: yeah! I don't understand why people think it's okay to kill baby animals.
stan: I don't understand it either, Stan. It's just so sad.
butters: Yeah, it's really messed up. I mean, why can't we just let the animals live?
stan: yeah, it's... it's really messed up.
butters: yeah... it's just so sad.
stan: ...yeah, it's really sad.
butters: it is, we're just gonna have to figure out a way to save the calves.
stan: yeah, we have to figure out a way to save the calves.
butters: yeah... we can't let those animals get killed. it's not right.
stan: we can't let those animals get killed. it's not right.
butters: it's totally wrong.
stan: ...yeah.