plot: The fourth grade class goes on a field trip to a farm, where they discover that veal is actually baby calves' meat. Kyle is horrified, and decides to save the calves from becoming veal. Kyle wants to rescue the calves and bring them to Stan's house. The parents of Kyle disagree.
cartman: Kyle: No, we can't just leave them here to be slaughtered! We have to do something!

Mr. Broflovski: Kyle, you can't just bring a bunch of baby calves to our house. It's not practical!

Eric: Yeah, Kyle, you think you're some kind of superhero or something? You gonna save all the baby cows in the world?

Kyle: Well, maybe if we all work together, we can make a difference!

Eric: Oh please, Kyle. Your bleeding heart liberal nonsense won't change a thing. These calves are meant to be eaten, just like any other meat.

Mrs. Broflovski: Eric, can't you at least try to be supportive for once?

Eric: Supportive? You want me to support his crazy idea of turning our house into a farm? No way!

Kyle: It's not just about saving these calves, it's about standing up for what's right!

Eric: What's right? What's right is minding your own damn business and not ruining everyone else's plans. This is a field trip, Kyle, not a mission to save the world.

Kyle: Eric, you're so heartless. Can't you see the suffering these animals go through?

Eric: Oh, spare me the animal rights lecture. I eat burgers every day, and I'm not about to start feeling guilty about it.

Stan: Guys, can we all just calm down? We need to find a compromise here.

Eric: Fine, compromise. How about we go on the field trip, enjoy ourselves, and leave the animal activism for another day? Like, never.

Kyle: Eric, you can be such a jerk sometimes.

Eric: And you can be such a bleeding-heart crybaby, Kyle. Deal with it.

[They continue arguing, unable to come to an agreement]
kyle: Kyle: You know what, Eric? I may be a bleeding heart crybaby, but at least I have a heart. Unlike you, who only cares about yourself and doesn't give a damn about the suffering of others.
cartman: Eric: Oh really, Kyle? Is that what you think? Well, maybe if you took your head out of your ass for once, you'd realize that life isn't all rainbows and unicorns. Sometimes, you gotta make tough choices, even if it means someone has to suffer. And guess what? I choose to look out for myself, because nobody else will. So go ahead, save the baby cows, be the hero. But don't come crying to me when you realize that the world isn't as simple as you think it is.
kyle: Kyle: You know what, Eric? Maybe you're right. Maybe the world isn't as simple as I think it is. But that doesn't mean I'm going to turn a blind eye to the suffering of others. It's not about being a hero, it's about doing what's right, even when it's hard. And maybe, just maybe, if we all start caring a little bit more, we can make a difference and create a world where compassion and empathy prevail. So go ahead, mock me all you want, but I'm not going to stop fighting for what I believe in.
cartman: Eric: Wow, Kyle, that was surprisingly deep for someone with such a big head. But you know what? I've had enough of this hippie nonsense. If you want to be the savior of baby cows, go ahead. Just don't expect me to join your little farm rescue mission. I'll be over here enjoying a juicy burger, thank you very much.
kyle: Kyle: Suit yourself, Eric. But one day, you might just realize that there's more to life than your own selfish desires. And when that day comes, I'll be here to remind you that compassion and empathy are what truly make us human. In the meantime, I'll continue fighting for what I believe in, even if I have to do it alone.
cartman: cartman: Eric: Good luck with that, Kyle. You'll need it. But hey, if you ever need a burger to remind you how delicious meat can be, you know where to find me. Enjoy your little farm sanctuary, hero.
kyle: Kyle: Thanks, Eric. I'll remember that. But mark my words, one day, you'll see the value in standing up for what's right. And when that day comes, I'll be here, ready to welcome you to the side of compassion and justice.
cartman: cartman: Eric: Oh please, Kyle. Save your self-righteous speeches for someone who cares. I'll be over here, living my life the way I want, without all the unnecessary drama. But hey, if you ever need a dose of reality, you know where to find me. Good luck with your little crusade, hero. You're gonna need it.
kyle: Kyle: Thanks, Eric. I'll remember that. But mark my words, one day, you'll see the value in standing up for what's right. And when that day comes, I'll be here, ready to welcome you to the side of compassion and justice. But until then, I'll continue fighting for what I believe in, even if I have to do it alone.
cartman: cartman: Eric: Yeah, yeah, keep dreaming, Kyle. I'll be over here, enjoying the taste of victory and not giving a damn about your little farm animals. But hey, if you ever want to see what a real winner looks like, just take a look in the mirror. Good luck, hero. You're gonna need it.