plot: the boys are trying to find out who ate the last kfc chicken nugget. Cartman blames butters, but butters is innocent and cute. Kyle is jewish so he cannot eat chicken?
cartman: [jumps in the air and yells] AHA! I KNEW IT! I TOLD YOU IT WAS BUTTERS!
butters: uh, I haven't done anything.
cartman: right, that's what's so sneaky about it.
butters: Ah geez, I didn't eat any chicken nuggets, I swear!
cartman: AH, YOU'RE SNEAKY BUTTERS! AND NOT ONLY THAT! BUT YOU'RE SNEAKY AND YOU'RE A LIAR, AND YOU'RE ... AND YOU'RE A HOMOSEXUAL!
butters: What?!
cartman: i said you're a homo sapien, and that means you have an enlarged brain, and that means you don't eat chicken nuggets!
butters: uh uh, hey fellas, maybe someone else ate the kfc chicken nuggets besides me.
cartman: ohsure butters, let's blame it on a monster then! or fat people.
kyle: ok, butters, if you didn't eat the nuggets, why is your shirt all dirty?
butters: uh, i-i don't know, i- i fell down?
cartman: huh, i wonder, did kenny eat the nuggets?
kyle: no, i did not.
cartman: but you are a ginger, and therefore naturally sneaky and untrustworthy. 
kyle: oh, shut up cartman! i didn't eat the nuggets either!
cartman: not only did you eat the nuggets, but you haven't said a word this entire time!
kyle: that's because i'm losing interest. i can't believe all the possible ways you guys are dragging this out.
cartman: kyle, your people only lose interest in the law when it becomes inconvenient for you! goes on to say that Cartman simply mocked up this monster story to get out of his liability. combines this with butters' poop story to find out that Cartman ate all the chicken
cartman: i didn't eat it! i swear! [burps] oh, man, mister nugget, how are you so damn tasty? [rubs his tummy]
stan: why didn't you just say you had the last chicken nugget? we wouldn't have cared.
cartman: Right. None of you would have cared. but by protecting the food... [reaching over to the six-pack of kfc] i protect society from having to make these hard decisions.
cartman: just like i protect the Jews!
kyle: from marauding Romans and huns?
cartman: And liberals.
kyle: yeah, poor thing!
cartman: hey man, stop ripping on me, huh!
kyle: i can rip on whoever i want! you're fat and i hate you!
cartman: well, at least i'm not a pope-style jew!
kyle: whatever! you're both fat. let's go.
cartman: i'm not fat, i'm festively plump. and by the way, since when is dunkin donuts hiring jews?
kyle: since now!
cartman: purchase of kfc chicken nuggets returns to the concerned parents against molesters meeting. stan's dad suggests confiscating all toys "with the pokemon things on them". tokens dad says "oh jeez" and kyle's dad chimes in "yes, that would be great."
cartman: what would you think, token?