plot: The fourth grade class goes on a field trip to a farm, where they discover that veal is actually baby calves' meat. Butters is horrified, and decides to save the calves from becoming veal. Butters wants to rescue the calves and bring them to Cartman's house. Cartman disagrees and thinks they should be eaten.
butters: Cartman, we can't eat these little fellas, they're just too cute and innocent. We gotta save 'em!
cartman: Cartman: Oh, for the love of God, Butters! We're not running a petting zoo here. We're running a kitchen! These little calves are gonna make the most delicious veal parmesan, and I'm not gonna let your bleeding heart nonsense ruin it for everyone.
butters: Butters: Aw, gee whiz, fellas. I just can't stand the thought of these little guys ending up as veal. I mean, look at those big ol' eyes and floppy ears. They deserve a chance at life, don't they?
cartman: cartman: Oh, spare me the theatrics, Butters. Life's tough, and these little moochers are just mooching off us. It's survival of the fittest, and they're not fit to survive if they taste this good. Now, let's get the seasonings ready because we're having veal for dinner whether you like it or not.
butters: Butters: Aw, jeez, fellas. I know they taste good and all, but I just can't shake the feeling that it's all wrong. I think we should at least give 'em a chance to grow up and be happy cows, not someone's dinner. Can't we just try to find another solution, fellas?
cartman: Cartman: Oh my God, Butters! You're seriously gonna make us miss out on this delicious veal? I can't believe I'm surrounded by a bunch of soft-hearted sissies. Fine, if you care so much, you can take care of them yourself, but I'm still having veal for dinner, and it's gonna be amazing.
butters: Butters: Golly, fellas, I guess I'll have to take care of them myself. I'll call them Fluffy and Bessie and we'll have a wonderful time together. And who knows, maybe they'll grow up to be prize-winning cows someday!
cartman: cartman: You do that, Butters. Meanwhile, I'll be enjoying a delicious meal fit for a king. And who knows, maybe I'll save you a bite of veal if you're lucky. But don't count on it, because these calves are going to be the best damn veal parmesan I've ever tasted.
butters: Butters: G-g-gee whiz, Cartman. I sure hope Fluffy and Bessie can forgive us for thinkin' 'bout eatin' 'em. I'll do my best to give 'em a happy life. And, um, if it's not too much to ask, could I maybe have a tiny taste of that veal you mentioned? Just a nibble?
cartman: Eric: Thanks, Butters, for taking care of those little moochers. And as for the veal, I'll think about it... Nah, you can't have any. I'll savor every bite, knowing those cute little calves didn't make it. 
butters: Butters: Oh hamburgers, that's okay, fellas. I understand. I'll just focus on taking care of Fluffy and Bessie, and maybe one day they can forgive us all for this whole mess.
cartman: Eric: That's right, Butters. You do that. And don't worry, I'm sure those little moochers will find a way to forgive us for being such heartless meat-eaters. After all, they're just a couple of dumb animals.
butters: Butters: Aw, shucks, fellas. I just hope I can make it up to Fluffy and Bessie. Maybe one day they'll understand that we didn't mean no harm. And, um, Cartman, can I at least give them a pat on the head before dinner?
cartman: Eric: Absolutely not, Butters. You're only going to make it harder for them to accept their fate. Just let them be and focus on getting the table ready for dinner. Those little moochers are going to be the main course, and nothing's going to change that.
butters: Butters: Aw, okay fellas. I guess I'll just go give Fluffy and Bessie their bedtime story then. Goodnight, little fellas.
cartman: Eric: Goodnight, cows. Sleep tight, because tomorrow you'll be on my plate, and I'll be enjoying every delicious bite while Butters sings you lullabies. Mmm, I can almost taste it already.