plot: Butters, Kyle, Stan and Cartman are solving the mystery of who stole the last chicken nugget. It must be one of the boys.
cartman: (Enters) Okay, everybody, get in line! It's time to search for the last chicken nugget!
butters: Is it spicy chicken? I can't eat the spicy chicken, see. It's too spicy for me.
cartman: Well, Butters, if I was a betting man, I'd say your lack of indifference is pretty spicy!
butters: Well, I don't know about that, Eric. But I can't eat the spicy kind. It's too spicy for me.
cartman: Ah, great, another nugget of importance to add to my postulate. So, Butters, when you say, "Too spicy," you mean it has a bit of a kick, perhaps?
butters: Well, gosh, I guess it has a little kick to it. But whenever it's too spicy, my mom gives me sweet lemonade to drink.
cartman:  (Angry) Nobody cares about the sweet fizzy kick! So, just little spice, right, Butters? Recogmognize that flavor?
butters: I kinda maybe recognize it a little.
cartman: This is madness! A key piece of the puzzle has been revealed.
butters: What is it, Eric? What's the puzzle piece?
cartman: THE NUGGET THIEF IS KYLARSTRUUUPH!
kyle: No, I'm not! Why would I steal the chicken nugget?
cartman: Naughty language on holy release day!
kyle: Well, maybe it was someone else who stole it.
cartman: oh, oh oh, Kyle. Don't you start telling us you've never been late on release day, I-I-I MEAN have you had sex with Stan yet, either?
kyle: No, Eric, and the nugget thief isn't me. Just because I've been late on release day doesn't mean I stole the nugget.
cartman: Recogmognize that, Kyle! Only a thief would say "recogmognize"!
kyle: No, Eric, that's not true! "Recogmognize" is how Butters says it, too!
cartman: Butters, under intense weight of questioning, has let the word creep into his vocabulary. I, too, have fallen victim to its power. It only stands to reason that you are both in cahoots, and have stolen the last chicken nugget. 
butters: Na, I didn't steal no chicken nugget! I-I hate spicy food, see? It's too spicy for me.
cartman: Wait a minute. wait a minute. Na, recogmognize. I've got damning. I-I haven't run it through you yet butters, and I expect a positive result. I'm prepared to bet your house that you are right now soiling your underpants. Which means I'll be able to tell, by smelling your underwear, if you stole the chicken nuggets or not. Ages, please.
butters: Oh, I'm not wearing any underwear right now.
cartman: Kyle, go get a whiff of this.
kyle: What?! No way, Eric! You can't make me smell Butters' underwear!
cartman: then this is going to turn into the "internet enough"!
kyle: I'm not sniffing Butters' underwear, Eric! That's disgusting!
cartman: he won't do it! I told you he wouldn't do it!
kyle: You're gross, Cartman. I'm not sniffing Butters' underwear.
cartman: Fine. Fine, Kyle, then, it's just you and me. [Puts on glove] All we need is one sniff, and we'll know once and for all if Butters is a liar.
kyle: I'm not sniffing Butters' underwear, Eric! That's disgusting!
cartman: Oh, really, you don't want to sniff Butters' underwear, huh? Fine! I guess "plucky" little Stan has to do all the work around here! [Kenny sniffs Butters' underwear.]
stan: Eric, this is ridiculous. We can't keep accusing each other.
cartman: Stan, the mind of a thief is cold and calculating. He won't quit until he's succeeded, and his wayward lust for chicken knows no bounds.
stan: (softly) ...Dude, I think I know who stole the last nugget.
cartman: Then, by all means, D detective, tell us who the nabbing suspect is!
stan: Eric, maybe the last chicken nugget wasn't stolen at all. Maybe it just fell behind the stove or something.
cartman: (points to Stan) Stanford, have you seen the "Nabbing Suspects Day" sign? Not only am I not the chief detective but I also have evidence that proves the nugget is not behind the stove!
stan: Fine! [sighs and walks over to the stove] Let's just see if there's a nugget behind the stove. [moves the stove and sees the nugget. Picks it up] It's... it's the last nugget.
cartman: (expraside) Fuck you, Stan!
stan: (sincerely) No, screw you, Eric! This was all about the last nugget and who took it! But you just had to show everyone up, didn't you?! Good job, asshole!
cartman: Ha ha ha, eat my farts, asshole!
stan: You guys, this isn't about eating a chicken nugget or who stole it! Someone just needs to 'fess up! This is serious!
cartman: or is it, Kyle?
kyle: It's serious, Cartman! We can't keep accusing each other and being mean to each other!
cartman: Or could we, fatty? You been mean to me about my mom's wifely tittles?
kyle: No, Eric, it's not nice to make fun of your mom's wifely titles.
cartman: Well, you sure did, Jew! Hard! You and quite often Butters and Stan tell me over and over that my mom is a "dirty slut." That seems pretty mean to me, Kyle.
kyle: But what does that have to do with the stolen nugget?