plot: The kids of South Park agree to ignore Cartman, leading him to think that he is dead.
cartman: Eric Cartman: What the hell is going on? Why is everyone ignoring me? This can't be happening! I'm not dead, you idiots! I'll show you all!
kyle: Kyle: Dude, just ignore him. He's just being a drama queen.
cartman: Cartman: Drama queen? Drama queen?! You call this drama queen? This is a travesty! I demand to be acknowledged, you dirty Jew!
kyle: Kyle: Oh, come on, Cartman, you can't just throw around offensive insults like that. Just chill out and stop being so ridiculous.
cartman: Cartman: Ridiculous? You think I'm being ridiculous? I'll have you know, Kyle, that I am not to be ignored! I am the most important person in this entire town, and you will all bow down to me! Now, acknowledge my greatness, or face the consequences!
kyle: Kyle: Fine, you want acknowledgement? You're acknowledged, Cartman. Congratulations, you're the biggest pain in the ass in the entire town. Happy now?
cartman: Cartman: Happy? You think this is about me being happy? This is about respect, Kyle! You will respect my authority or suffer the wrath of the almighty Cartman! Now, where's my parade?
kyle: Kyle: There's not going to be a parade, Cartman. You're not getting special treatment just because you're throwing a tantrum. We agreed to ignore you, so just deal with it and stop being such a baby.
cartman: Cartman: Baby? I am not a baby, you stupid Jew! I am a misunderstood genius, destined for greatness! And you will all come crawling back to me, begging for my forgiveness and my glorious presence! You'll see, you'll all see!
kyle: Cartman: You'll all regret this! You can't keep me down forever, I'll find a way to make you acknowledge me again, I always do!
Kyle: Cartman, stop acting like a child. Just accept that nobody is going to give in to your tantrum. You're not as important as you think you are.
Cartman: Who are you calling not important, Kyle? I'm the one who's the star here! You'll see, you'll all see that I can't be ignored!
kyle: Kyle: Cartman, you're not making any sense! Just because you're throwing a fit doesn't mean the world revolves around you. Get over yourself and grow up for once!
cartman: Cartman: Get over myself? Grow up? Oh, that's real funny coming from Mr. "I'm a dirty Jew" over here! You don't get to tell me what to do, Kyle. I'll show you all who's really in charge around here. Just you wait and see!
kyle: Cartman: You'll all see! I'm not just going to sit back and take this. I'll come up with a plan to show you all that I'm not to be ignored! It's only a matter of time before I'm back on top, where I belong!
Kyle: Seriously, Cartman, you need to get a grip. No one's going to buy into your schemes. Just accept that we're done with your drama.
cartman: Cartman: Done with my drama? Oh, you haven't seen anything yet, Kyle. I'll make sure all of you regret the day you decided to ignore me. I have plans, Kyle... big, villainous plans to make all of you pay for this humiliation. You'll all be begging for my attention, mark my words!
kyle: Cartman: You think you can stop me, Kyle, but you're wrong! I'll show you all who's really in charge around here. Just you wait and see!
Kyle: Cartman, seriously, how many times are you going to throw this same tired act? Just give it up already. No one's buying into your nonsense.
cartman: Cartman: "Nonsense? You think this is nonsense, huh? Well, I'll have you know, Kyle, I'm just getting started. You can't keep a good villain down, and I'll make sure you all regret the day you decided to ignore the magnificent, all-powerful Eric Cartman!"