plot: The fourth grade class goes on a field trip to a farm, where they discover that veal is actually baby calves' meat. Kyle is horrified, and decides to save the calves from becoming veal. Kyle wants to rescue the calves and bring them to Cartman's house. Cartman disagrees and thinks they should be eaten.
kyle: Dude, no way! We can't just eat them, they're innocent baby calves!
cartman: Wha-? Dude, the best way to enjoy veal is with a nice au jus, maybe some garlic mashed potatoes on the side.
kyle: Cartman, you're seriously messed up if you think eating innocent baby calves is okay!
cartman: No, Kyle, you're seriously messed up if you think eating innocent baby mammals is okay, but not pigs.
kyle: Oh my god, Cartman! What the hell does that have to do with anything?
cartman: Well, basically, you're a hypocrite, and if you don't eat veal, you might as well just ask me for a side of my pubes with your steak!
kyle: That's sick, dude!
cartman: Well, I think it's more disgusting to eat a steak after it's been up someone's ass, but hey, to each his own.
kyle: Jesus, Cartman, that's not the point! We can't just let these poor calves be turned into veal!
cartman: Well maybe we shouldn't turn these poor calves into veal, but what about these poor kids? They've been looking forward to eating veal for over a week now!
kyle: No! We can't eat them, Cartman! They're innocent and deserve to be saved!
cartman: Oh, the calves deserve to be saved, Kyle? And what about the well-being of underprivileged children? Who's going to think about the children, Kyle?
kyle: I'm thinking about them, Cartman! Don't you see? We can't just prioritize our own desires over the lives of these innocent calves!
cartman: Ahhhhh...yeah, party pooper, you're just a little son of a bitch, aren't you?! You're just going to ruin everybody's fun because you know you're gonna lose the bet!
kyle: I'm not gonna lose the bet, Cartman! I know I'm right!
cartman: How can you be so sure?
kyle: Because it's morally wrong to eat innocent baby calves!
cartman: Says who?!
kyle: Says me, and I'm not going to let anyone eat these calves!
cartman: Fine, Kyle, go ahead and just ruin everybody's fun 'kay?
kyle: I will, Cartman!
cartman: Fine! We don't need you. Right, guys?
stan: Yeah, we don't need you, Kyle!
kyle: Fine! You don't need me!
cartman: That's what I said!
stan: Yeah, well, Kyle's right, dude. We can't just eat these calves.
cartman: Oh, come on!
stan: No, seriously. It's wrong.
cartman: I bet this guy will be poor as hell when he grows up.
kyle: What? Why?!
cartman: Because he's putting his hands up, which means he probably won't be able to work a regular job.
stan: Dude, it doesn't matter if he's poor or not, it's still wrong!
cartman: Yea. İt's wrong to put your hands up when someone is about to hit you in the balls, as well!
kyle: I don't care! These calves are innocent! We aren't going to eat them!
cartman: Then, we might as well kill these innocent baby cows and get cooking! What are we waiting for?!
kyle: No, Cartman! We can't just kill them! We have to save them!
cartman: All right, all right. We'll chill out... but they'd better not poop on my carpet.
kyle: But we have to do something, Cartman! If we don't save them, they're going to die!
cartman: And if we don't eat them, they might poop on my carpet, so let's go!
kyle: No! We have to find a way to save them, Cartman! They're innocent and they deserve to live!
cartman: Ugh, why do they always have to be so hard to save, Kyle?
kyle: No, Cartman! We have to find a way to save them, whether it's hard or not! They deserve to live!
cartman: Well, then maybe we should go save them, Kyle! Butters and Timmy should go, too! and we can come back here and eat chicken instead!
kyle: because cows are so cute!
cartman: I doubt they deserve to live as much as cows do.
kyle: No, Cartman! All animals deserve to live and be treated with compassion!
cartman: Dude, we have to ride by sheep and cows just to get chicken!
kyle: I don't care, Cartman! These calves are innocent! We aren't going to eat them!
cartman: Oh, then I hope they don't poop on my carpet.
kyle: Fine! We'll save them, Cartman, but you have to promise not to eat chicken!
cartman: Okay, hold on. Let me think. I promise not to eat chicken.
kyle: you better promise, cartman! we're saving these calves and we're not eating any animals!