plot: the boys go to the cinema to watch the new hunger games movie
cartman: Brad Pitt first comes out and he looks at me and goes, "Kiddo, next time you want to take a dump with the door closed, lock it!" and I go, "Wha?? Oh yeah, Dad, that, yeah that was a good idea!" So he leaves. I finish taking the dump, I open the door. èBrad Pitt, standing there, takes me by the collar, looks me dead in the eyes and goes, "Let me tell you something, kiddo..."
cartman: MmmHmm?
stan: Is Brad Pitt going to be in the theater, too?
cartman: Yes, that's what I'm saying! Brad Pitt comes to all my shows.
stan: dude, brad pitt is NOT gonna be at this movie.
cartman: Screw you guys I'm going to KFC.
stan: dude, it's just another one of cartman's bullshit stories. let's just go watch the movie.
cartman: Fine then! I guess I'll just go to KFC and get a bowl of chicky soup.
stan: ...with dick.
cartman: alright then, i'll have a large chicky soup.
stan: and a side of lies.
cartman: and Please Hurry
stan: a large lies fries.
cartman: [entering costa rica,] god damn, what a fucked up place ...
stan: that kid wasn't lying!
cartman: i'm not lying!
stan: he's not lying!!
cartman: butter and pastry.
stan: you guys, look. jennifer lawrence.
cartman: holy crap, she's hot.
stan: shut up, fatass!
cartman: I eat because I'm unhappy, and I'm unhappy because I eat.. it's a vicious cycle.
stan: [jennifer lawrence collapses and dies]
cartman: whoa. holy shit.
stan: dude.
cartman: oooh man.
stan: [...] we just killed jennifer lawrence.
cartman: ...thank you Jesus...
stan: dude... this is bad. like... this is really bad.
cartman: Wha- guys are you ok? Oh my God! Holy shit you killed jennifer lawrence! again!
stan: [agitated] so what the fuck do we do now?!
cartman: [dramatically] ...you guys... we... [points at jennifer lawrence] we... we eat her.
stan: ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY?!
cartman: what?;background: in jennifer lawrence's will, which is exactly 32-pages long, she states that if she ever dies, she wants us to eat her.
stan: dude, we're not eating jennifer lawrence!
cartman: àok, we... we can't talk about eating jennifer lawrence, we can't stand here and have a big meeting about eating jennifer lawrence k...
stan: [cutting cartman off] we're not eating jennifer lawrence, you fat fuck!
cartman: that's it! i'm going to kenny's house to go get my penis sucked.
stan: ...FINE.
cartman: Fine.
stan: [softly] i can't believe we killed jennifer lawrence.
cartman: [softly] I can't believe she's really dead. [all leave for KFC]
stan: I shouldn't have been so greedy, I'm sorry! [both of them pull out drinks and take a sip]
cartman: You should have thought of that before mocking starving children in Africa! [uncaps and takes a deep breath of drink] ahh. [closes eyes] [sips and licks lips] it's sooo good. myself! [sips a long sip in satisfaction]
stan: the i don't get meat thing was just a joke -- right?
cartman: no, it's definitely possible. anythings possible in costa rica.
stan: dude, i can't do it. i can't do it! i can't eat this!
cartman: dude, do we got any more tacos brasileiros?
stan: no, we're all out.
cartman: [rises, to costa ricans] excuse me, do you have any more tacos brasileiros?
stan: no, i'm sorry, they're all out.
cartman: Cartman sucks their penis for bananas
stan: okay, okay, i'll eat the clitoris!
cartman: I thought I told you to shut your fuckin' face, uncle fucka!
stan: [sarcastically] gee, i wonder whose idea it was to come see this movie.