plot: The fourth grade class goes on a field trip to a farm, where they discover that veal is actually baby calves' meat. Butters is horrified, and decides to save the calves from becoming veal. Butters wants to rescue the calves and bring them to Cartman's house. Cartman disagrees and thinks they should be eaten.
butters: Oh hamburgers! Cartman, we can’t just eat the calves! What if we could find a way to save the calves and still satisfy people's appetite?
cartman: Oh okay, look, maybe we could make sandals out of the calves once they're slaughtered! Like instead of leather, we could use veal skin! [everyone glares at him] What? Oh sorry! Outta the park!
butters: Oh, um, okay. How about this? What if we found a farm that specialized in breeding and raising veal calves to be pets?
cartman: Oh sure! And we could dress 'em up in little diaper outfits and feed 'em with baby bottles and rock 'em to sleep each night too, right?
butters: Well, I was just thinking maybe if we found a farm where the calves were raised free-range, where they could play and be happy before they’re, you know, made into veal.
cartman: Oh great idea, Butters! So then instead of just being cruelly slaughtered, the calves could also be humiliated while they were alive. [everyone glares at him again] What? Uuhhh…sorry! Great try, Butters! Outta the park!
butters: Gee, you mean, people like eating meat so much that they don’t care whether it comes from baby animals?
cartman: You know, Butters, we humans don't eat meat because we think it's cute. We eat meat because it's delicious.
butters: Oh, hamburgers! I never thought of it that way.
cartman: Yeah, well, it's like Stan always says, there's nothing like a helpless little animal to make a man feel good.
butters: Hiiiii, fellas. Is anybody else just pretty tired of seeing animals get hurt all the time?
cartman: Uuuhhh...no? I like seeing animals get hurt.
butters: Well, maybe we could try and help them instead.
cartman: Aw, isn't that cute? Butters always gives up when he realizes how much something will cost. How can we have a plan when you won't give us the answer? I say, instead of saving cows and cutting down on hamburgers, we just find out what it costs to save cows and then sell enough hamburgers to save 'em all!
butters: Okay, I think maybe we could set up a lemonade stand and sell enough drinks to save one cow.
cartman: You know what comes after saving one cow, don't you? Obesity! I'm not doin' four years in fat camp because of a cow, Butters! Plus...
butters: we don't have four years. We only have 'til tomorrow!
cartman: Oh great. Weight coming back up again!
butters: Well, I don't wanna have a fat house either! Couldn't we just get people to donate money?
cartman: Donate money? That's called capitalism, stupid! People don't just randomly give money away! This is why poor people shouldn't be allowed to live in white neighborhoods.
butters: say, fellas. You sure are discussin’ cows a lot.
cartman: Oh, look at that everybody! Butters found another lucky penny! Gather 'round, gather 'round and make your wishes!
butters: Gee, thanks you guys!
cartman: [giving the other boys a conspiratorial look and rubbing his hands together with an evil grin. with a fake friendly tone]hey, butters, how would you like to sell that lucky penny for one hundred dollars?
butters: Well gee, fellas, that sounds like an awful lot of money. How about you guys give me ten times what it's worth?
cartman: Oh ten huh? Looks like somebody's getting a little greedy. How 'bout nine times?
butters: Okay.
cartman: come on, fellas. I want to donate a little money to save the cows. it feels good
butters: Wow, Cartman! You're really gonna give all your money to save the cows?
cartman: Of course! All of my 28.58 is going to a good cause. I just can't stand to see cows get hurt, and if I share what I've got, maybe others will too. And the people at the meat processing plant will see this news story and feel shameful for what they do!
butters: Uh boy! Uh, how about my 3.62?
cartman: Gee, fellas, I sure had fun making lots of money off my penny. Thanks for showing me the business, guys.
butters: yeah, this has been real educational.
cartman: Butters! You get the pleasure of owning your open business, and then the profit of making a donation to save the cows. Way to go, buddy! Just think, fellas. If everyone in this country buys one penny and sells it for nine times what it's worth, we can make some serious money!
butters: Uh, I think that's being done already.
cartman: then we'd better get on board, huh? [the other boys laugh] giddyup!
butters: Oh boy. What'd keep all those lucky pennies from losing their value real quick?
cartman: Well, Butters, the way I look at it, whether there's a hundred cows or just one, people are still gonna eat hamburgers. So [Crosses arms and looks triumphant] you see, the cows aren't being saved from death; they're just being saved from you.
butters: Oh hamburgers! That... That makes a whole lot of sense.
cartman: Cool, huh? But instead of bois gettin' *sad,* they get *happ-ay*!
butters: You're right, Cartman! Cows are just meant to be eaten. Plus, I wouldn't want to ruin everybody's fun anyway.
cartman: That's right, Butters! Now you're thinking like a smart person!
butters: Yeah, I guess so.
cartman: So, let's just get out there, and... um, catch ourselves a couple baby cows and make 'em into food!
butters: Golly! I guess the calves really are just meant to be eaten.
cartman: That's the spirit, Butters!
butters: Huh, yeah.
cartman: Oooh, boy, catchin' and killing baby calves is gonna be pretty hard, fellas! I mean, how are we gonna catch 'em? Ah! How 'bout we chase 'em down with our go-carts then shoot 'em with a crossbow?
butters: Ohh, I don't know, fellas. That doesn't sound very right.
cartman: Oh! I know! Maybe we can float some hamburgers in the river and lead them into a big net.
butters: Or...or maybe we could get 'em to just jump into a big tank of acid. We could use cow food as bait, huh?
cartman: Or maybe we distract 'em by showing them pictures of other cows being slaughtered and then sneak up behind 'em and stab 'em! It's foolproof! [the other boys laugh] ...no? Outta the park!
butters: W-well, uh, what if we just maybe bought some cows?
cartman: Or... or even better! We could get the cows, dress them up in costumes, and open up The Happy Burger Cow Theme Park right here in South Park! Fibonacci-swear to God fellas, it'll be just like Sea World, only instead of training dolphins to do tricks, we'll be shoving liquefied cow up their butts and cartwheeling them!
butters: Gosh, that doesn't seem very, um, fun for the cows.
cartman: That's 'cause maybe it's not supposed to be fun for the cows, butters. But everybody loves a theme park! [the other boys laugh] eww. Outta the park!
butters: Do you really think these here calves are havin' that much fun, cartman?
cartman: Well sure I do, Butters! Just look at them! Running around, getting exercise, their little hearts pounding as they, slide over, hehe, the ground. Look at that calf over there playing with that tire swing! Hot-diggity, fellas, I sure ain't never seen a happier calf than that one right now!
butters: Uh, Cartman, that calf is headbutting a tree.
cartman: Come on, Butters! That there calf was just using the tree as a scratching post! What's next, you gonna tell me that calf sittin' in the mud over there is in a "curly twirl"?
butters: well, he, seems to be doing just that.
cartman: all calf, who do you think trained 'em?! his mother? [stan walks up] hey stan. try displaying alpha male traits.
stan: Uh, okay... [immediately jumps in] We can't do it, you guys! [the three look at him] Killing the calves so that people can eat them? it's not right!
cartman: [squirting butters with a water bottle and pushing him away] Bad boy! [to kyle] this is why i hate working with kids.
kyle: uh, I don't think we should be killing the baby calves,  either.
cartman: you guys, just because calf-killing is illegal, doesn't mean it's wrong. we're running a business here! what're we supposed to do? just suddenly go soft and let the animals be happy and healthy and inhumane?
butters: i-i don't know, eric.
cartman: aaand there it is
butters: you're right, guys. why don't we just let the calves go and report back to the dairy farmers?
cartman: because we want to wrangle him into it like this, gwah-session.
butters: uh, kewl.
cartman: you guys, the calves are happy, don't you get it? they don't wanna be saved. we can't go chasing them around and trying to kill them if they don't want us to.
butters: yeah.
cartman: yeah. then we're gonna have to go to plan b
butters: what's plan b, kyle?
cartman: A plan b is we hire some lab workers to genetically engineer a race of carnivorous cows. they'll chase down and eat the herbivorous cows on their own.
butters: uh, gee golly, I... can't see how that would work.
cartman: Oh, have some vision, Butters, God! Oh, wait, no, outta the park!
butters: uh, okay.
cartman: yeah, fellas, butters is right. the only way to save the cows is if they save themselves. [cow moos in the background] oh. "bessie," you can stop making me feel bad for you. never mind.
butters: come on, guys. we really should be trying to save the cows.
cartman: but, butters, that would mean that hamburgers would disappear forever. no more kiddy meals, no more cow jokes, no more sending pictures of our sausages to your mom. it would be quiet and awful.
butters: Yeah, you're right. I'm sorry for even thinking we shouldn't save the cows. I know that hamburgers are just way too important for the world.
cartman: dumb but correct. keep going.
butters: and, uh, if we save all the cows, there won't be any farmers left for us.
cartman: That's right, Butters! Then we'll have to worry about kids in third world countries coming to clean our houses and mow our lawns.
butters: Ohhh jeez, that sounds horrible. Noooo, we better not save the cows then.
cartman: that's a sweet little dumb you had there cartman. beef in our time. beef in our lives can only lead us to a happy, happy end and save our friendship. beef and beef, to the last crispy, chewy, greasy taste.
butters: right. save the cows.
cartman: butters! [to kyle] bring him to my office. butcher. komm her. [walks off] we have much to discuss, boy.
butters: okay, i'm sorry. i'm sorry
cartman: whatever you say, beef boy.
butters: boy, does this thing get moist inside.
cartman: all right, dumb boys, now show me what other tastes we could be exploring.
butters: uh okay, uh **bites into meat patty** uh. wow.
cartman: butters, would you believe me if i told you that this meat was made from former lab animals?
butters: really?
cartman: nothing gets past this brain. well, boys, it looks like the calves have found themselves a hero. [music starts playing, and kyle tears up. satirical still of kyle, tears streaming down his face, next to a sign which reads “kyle’s gone vegan”] kjyl...have you seen our filthy poor friend, kenny? [music stops and lingers in silence for a few seconds. cut to stan and kyle respectfully looking at the ground. butters looks up to see whether kenny is present. butters waits. kenny’s hood sticks out again, but he doesn’t appear] okay, here we go! [butters points up and kenny leaps into frame with a high-pitched “mfff!” his eagerness lasts about one frame and causes his hood to flop back into place where it covers his entire face. camera cuts to the bus arrival spot in front of south park elementary, with “welcome to smithville and future home of maisy’s house in half-lot estates!” sign in front. maisy’s mother’s minivan pulls up. ooh! butters! i hope you weren’t kissing girls while you were out of town! [kisses his own che Nike to annoy kyle] alright then [fart ends. cartman considers desert. then] wait [f I were thinking with my penis, kids, would i tell anyone? the obvious answer, of course, is no. butters, here is a very important lesson that i’ve learned over the years. ing: always. underneath a lady’s clothes, there’s a girl [butters]: who once made me feel nice [stan]: ay, ith my penis chunky made to leave [singing] so here we are. [to turn] melvous! tennis COURT! [cartman sits down иста affiliations: julep？ erectile dysfunction. alright then. look; shelly [big smile. shelly runs up to her room. randy means nothing to me. [toward playground. outta the park! well, actually, yes. eventually. it was really, uhyou now what.
cartman: all i got is a partial chub.
butters: shelly, can i, uh, can i see Wolverine?
cartman: absolutely, but no earl-gray-ham. is this days？ [holds up a bottle of chianti. cuts to butters’ mother doing flips for him as if they were simulated stills. paws runs in circles with his tail straight back]
cartman: an announcement from the ministry of urination. [beep beep] this is the apple store, what the fuck do you want？ testicles、testicles、is this thing on？ [right hand brought down on podium. his parents still clapping]   
butters: uh, aw, i'm just not so sure cartoons are ever able [smiles accordingly and begins to cry] ohh。
cartman: butters, you don't understand still,  other boys didn't like them.
butters: that’s just the way it is sometimes, i guess. i came so much.
cartman: butters, sometimes a person does come a lot in order to save every cow in the world. [teary-eyed, he reaches out to hold kyle’s hand. kyle rolls his eyes and takes cartman’s notepad. he raises it to his own eye level. kenny glares at him, sniffs and walks over] if we all pull together, we can make a chain of hands that will stretch around the cows. the chain of hands will rap around the calves and make sure that six billion people [low tone] don’t have to live in a world without meat.
butters: it still doesn't seem fair to them.
cartman: Oh shut up, you pussy and faggots.
butters: you said you wanted to make a difference.
cartman: yeah, but i don't nice calves. i wanna make a difference by working in a marijuana dispensary and having sons and never being married. coming. can you please go away?angered kenis
cartman: away, boy. we have much business to discuss. [music starts] kenis, do you know somebody who can prove or sell daviance? [joins stan and kare on temple kneels. امید است که من به شما کمک کنم.] the epic trilogy takes us straight to the heart of what quef bag. man gelding∽disorganized religion imaginable.